wiki/1

§ Charles Iliya Krempeaux remembering Charles Robert Krempeaux

⸺ by Charles Iliya Krempeaux

⸺ published 2012-02-05T01:37:10-08:00

I remember when my father (**Charles Robert Krempeaux**) was dying, he was reliving his past.

This didn't happen at first, but happened after some "//complications//".
"//Complications//" that I believe were the result of an accident or incompetence by the hospital staff.

Mentally, my father (**Charles Robert Krempeaux**) was sharp until those "//complications//".

But anyway — back to him reliving his past.
Some of his //reliving of his past// was from world-war-two (WW2) (WWII).

(That means he had me when he was around 50 if you're wondering. He also enlisted under-age.)

He thought I was his brother, my mother was his captain (maybe because she gave him "//orders//" too :-) ), but he didn't know who my brother was.

I think that bothered my brother.
(I think that hurt my brother's feelings.)

❦

There was another time (when brother was there with my father (**Charles Robert Krempeaux**) that I think he thought he was captured.

I don't know if this was something that actually happened or not in the past — or if he was just misinterpreting his current situation through the "//lens//" of his past.

He thought he had been captured, and started chocking out one of the nurses, with one hand.

In some ways, that is kind of funny that a man of his old age could have done that :-)
(Although, it would have //not// have been funny for the nurse having to go through that.)

My brother stopped it when he walked in and saw it.

❦

My father was a **telecommunications engineer** by profession (an **applied physicist**) all the time I knew him.

(During his time, telecommunication was the bleeding edge engineering field AFAIK.
Sort of like **software engineering** is now.)

But when he was young, however, he was soldier.
(Well, after leaving the //university of british columbia// (UBC), to enlist in the //royal canadian navy// (RCN) that is.)

(And, yes, that also means he went to University early)

When I was just single digits in age, I would hear about **fresnel zones**, **hyperreactivity**, **operator j**, etc relating to his work.

I eventually learning (enough) [[physics]] to truely understand what he was doing (at least from a theory point-of-view (POV)).

But — there was a lot about what he did for the Canadian and U.S. military I don't know, and unfortunately, probably will never know.

For example, I know some of it was classified, and I know for one thing he had red phone with a direct line to the POTUS.
But — I got the impression, from others, that there was a lot more to it.

In many ways, //cognitively// I'm a lot like him.
Now that I have some knowledge of psychology and neuroscience, I have another perspective on it.

❦

[[charles-robert-krempeaux]]
