wiki/1

§ Hussein Ali Ahan

⸺ by Charles Iliya Krempeaux

**Hussein Ali Ahan** is **my great grandfather** and my mother's (i.e., **Malekeh Agha Safavi**'s) mother's (i.e., **Robabeh Sultan Ahan**'s) father.

⁁ hussein-ali-ahan/hussein-ali-ahan_older.jpeg

I don't (yet) know the names of his parents.

I don't know if he had any brothers or sisters.

**Hussein Ali Ahan** married **Javaher Sultan Asami**.
(**Note** that I am not sure that **Javaher Sultan**'s family name was actually see "Asami".)

They had 3 children —

• **Robabeh Sultan Ahan** (i.e., my maternal grandmother),
• **Mohammad Ali Ahan**,
• **Khadijeh Sultan Ahan**.

§§ Stories

I never met him, but his grandchildren (including my mother, **Malekeh Agha Safavi**) remember him.

My mother (i.e., **Malekeh Agha Safavi**) told me stories of **Hussein Ali Ahan** over the years.
Also, I asked **Hussein Ali Ahan** grandchildren about him — including my mother (i.e., **Malekeh Agha Safavi**), and from **Zahra Ahan** (who goes by **Ziba**).

(**Hussein Ali Ahan** is my mother's (i.e., **Malekeh Agha Safavi**'s) maternal grandfather.
And, **Hussein Ali Ahan** is **Zahra Ahan**'s paternal grandfather.)

These are the stories I have of **Hussein Ali Ahan** —

My mother (i.e., **Malekeh Agha Safavi**) said that (her maternal grandfather) **Hussein Ali Ahan** lived to a very very old age.
I am //not// sure of his exact age when he died, but my mother said he was over 100 years old.
(I am //not// sure if that should be taken literally or not — or just to be very very old.)
 **Hussein Ali Ahan** lived way way longer than his wife.
 **Hussein Ali Ahan** lived longer than at least one of his children.

My mother (i.e., **Malekeh Agha Safavi**) also said that (her maternal grandfather) **Hussein Ali Ahan** was very very tall — taller than everyone else (that they knew).
So I would interpret that as meanings that he was well over 6" tall and approaching 7" tall.

My mother (i.e., **Malekeh Agha Safavi**) also said that (her maternal grandfather) **Hussein Ali Ahan** was very very strong (before he was an old man).
That he would rip apart //bronze plates// with his bare hands!, to show how strong he was.
And that he would rip apart phones books, with his bare hands too, to show how strong he was.

My mother (i.e., **Malekeh Agha Safavi**) was an amazing athlete who trained to compete in the Olympics.
My brother (i.e., **Hassan Robert Krempeaux) and myself (i.e., **Charles Iliya Krempeaux**) were able to get very very muscular naturally, just by [[weight-lifting]] — we were both 2 of the largest people in the city, muscle wise.
Both of us were highly athletic, growing up — playing a number of differen sports, and doing very very well at them.
Both of us a mesomorphs.
Given the stories of **Hussein Ali Ahan**, it makes me wonder if his genetic contribution to us that made this possible.

**Zahra Ahan** (who goes by **Ziba**) told me that she called (her parenal grandfather) **Hussein Ali Ahan**: “//Baba//” and “//Baba Ahan//”.
//Baba// is a [[persian-language]] word that can mean “//grandfather//”.

**Zahra Ahan** (who goes by **Ziba**) told me that (her parenal grandfather) **Hussein Ali Ahan** came to live with //them// when he was old.
**Zahra Ahan** (who goes by **Ziba**) was living with her parents at this time, so this “//them//” would have included her parents and her siblings.

§§ See Also

• [[ahan]]

• [[robabeh-sultan-ahan]]
•• [[malekeh-agha-safavi]]
••• [[charles-iliya-krempeaux]]
•••• [[charles-dariush-sunwoo-krempeaux]]
•••• [[malekeh-elizabeth-sunah-krempeaux]]
••• [[hassan-robert-krempeaux]]
• [[mohammad-ali-ahan]]
• [[khadijeh-sultan-ahan]]
