wiki/1

⸺ by Charles Iliya Krempeaux

⸺ published 2024-04-22T15:43:31-07:00

⁁ log/2024/04/22/1713825811/GLzbIWWX0AAZnRg.png

Nicolas Jouault ( @NicolasJouault ) on Twitter sent me this.
https:/((/))twitter.com/NicolasJouault/status/1782540768734810132

It is an obituary in Vancouver for my parental grandmother [[helen-elizabeth-kerr]].

It reads:

― KREMPEAUX — ON NOV. 16, 1943, 
― Helen Elizabeth, beloved wife of 
― Charles Krempeaux of 1161 Comox 
― St., aged 46 years. Survived by her 
― husband, 2 sons, Paul, R.C.A., over- 
― seas; Charles, R.C.N.; 1 daughter, 
― Audrey, at home; her parents, Mr. 
― and Mrs. Robert Kerr, Herd Lake, 
― Man.; 1 brother, Robert Kerr, Moose 
― Jaw, Sask. Funneral Fri., Nov. 19, at 
― 3 o'clock from the T. Edwards Co. 
― Memorial Chapel, Granville at 10th, 
― Rev. J. H. Craig officiating. Inter- 
― ment Ocean View Burial Park. East- 
― ern Canada papers, please copy. 

Without at the shortenings and abbreviations, this would be:

― KREMPEAUX — ON NOV. 16, 1943, Helen Elizabeth, beloved wife of Charles Stanislaus Krempeaux of 1161 Comox Street, Vancouver, aged 46 years.
― Survived by her husband, 2 sons, Paul Douglas Krempeaux, R.C.A., overseas;
― Charles Robert Krempeaux, Royal Canadian Navy (R.C.N.);
― 1 daughter, Audrey Jane Krempeaux, at home;
― her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Robert Kerr, Herd Lake, Manitoba;
― 1 brother, Robert Kerr, Moose Jaw, Saskatchewan.
― Funneral Fri., Nov. 19, at 3 o'clock from the T. Edwards Co. Memorial Chapel, Granville at 10th,
― Rev. J. H. Craig officiating.
― Interment Ocean View Burial Park.
― Eastern Canada papers, please copy.
